Security/README.md, before:

# Security


## Fuzzer

- [AFL++: Combining Incremental Steps of Fuzzing Research](./Fuzz/aflpp-woot2020.pdf)
- [Boosting Fuzzer Efficiency: An Information Theoretic Perspective](./Fuzz/FSE20.Entropy.pdf) 从信息论的角度来看如何提高 Fuzz 的效率
- [PANGOLIN: Incremental Hybrid Fuzzing with Polyhedral Path Abstraction](./Fuzz/PANGOLIN_Incremental%20Hybrid%20Fuzzing%20with%20Polyhedral%20Path%20Abstraction_SP2020.pdf)
- [DIE - Fuzzing JavaScript Engines with Aspect-preserving Mutation](./Fuzz/DIE%20-%20Fuzzing%20JavaScript%20Engines%20with%20Aspect-preserving%20Mutation.pdf)
- [FUDGE- Fuzz Driver Generation at Scale](./Fuzz/FUDGE-%20Fuzz%20Driver%20Generation%20at%20Scale.pdf) 大规模自动化生产用于 Fuzz 目标的测试驱动代码
- [Binary-level Directed Fuzzing for Use-After-Free Vulnerabilities](./Fuzz/raid20-final286.pdf)
- [HFL: Hybrid Fuzzing on the Linux Kernel](./Fuzz/ndss20-hfl.pdf)
- [BigFuzz: Efficient Fuzz Testing for Data Analytics Using Framework Abstraction](./Fuzz/bigfuzz-ase20.pdf)

---
> FileSystem fuzz

- [Fuzzing File Systems via Two-Dimensional Input Space Exploration](./Fuzz/xu_janus.pdf) `IEEE S&P 2019 Paper` linux文件系统Fuzz
- [Finding Semantic Bugs in File Systems with an Extensible Fuzzing Framework](./Fuzz/hydra-sosp19.pdf) `SOSP 2019 Paper`
- [Finding Bugs in File Systems with an Extensible Fuzzing Framework](./Fuzz/hydra-tos20.pdf) `TOS20(ACM Transactions on Storage) Paper`



## PortScanner
- [ZMap: Fast Internet-Wide Scanning and its Security Applications](./PortScanner/ZMap%20-%20Fast%20Internet-Wide%20Scanning%20and%20its%20Security%20Applications.pdf)

Commit message:

update fuzz paper
《Fuzzing Binaries for Memory Safety Errors with QASan》

Security/README.md, after:

# Security


## Fuzzer

- [AFL++: Combining Incremental Steps of Fuzzing Research](./Fuzz/aflpp-woot2020.pdf)
- [Boosting Fuzzer Efficiency: An Information Theoretic Perspective](./Fuzz/FSE20.Entropy.pdf) 从信息论的角度来看如何提高 Fuzz 的效率
- [PANGOLIN: Incremental Hybrid Fuzzing with Polyhedral Path Abstraction](./Fuzz/PANGOLIN_Incremental%20Hybrid%20Fuzzing%20with%20Polyhedral%20Path%20Abstraction_SP2020.pdf)
- [DIE - Fuzzing JavaScript Engines with Aspect-preserving Mutation](./Fuzz/DIE%20-%20Fuzzing%20JavaScript%20Engines%20with%20Aspect-preserving%20Mutation.pdf)
- [FUDGE- Fuzz Driver Generation at Scale](./Fuzz/FUDGE-%20Fuzz%20Driver%20Generation%20at%20Scale.pdf) 大规模自动化生产用于 Fuzz 目标的测试驱动代码
- [Binary-level Directed Fuzzing for Use-After-Free Vulnerabilities](./Fuzz/raid20-final286.pdf)
- [HFL: Hybrid Fuzzing on the Linux Kernel](./Fuzz/ndss20-hfl.pdf)
- [BigFuzz: Efficient Fuzz Testing for Data Analytics Using Framework Abstraction](./Fuzz/bigfuzz-ase20.pdf)
- [Fuzzing Binaries for Memory Safety Errors with QASan](./fuzz/../Fuzz/Fuzzing%20Binaries%20for%20Memory%20Safety%20Errors%20with%20QASan.pdf)

---
> FileSystem fuzz

- [Fuzzing File Systems via Two-Dimensional Input Space Exploration](./Fuzz/xu_janus.pdf) `IEEE S&P 2019 Paper` linux文件系统Fuzz
- [Finding Semantic Bugs in File Systems with an Extensible Fuzzing Framework](./Fuzz/hydra-sosp19.pdf) `SOSP 2019 Paper`
- [Finding Bugs in File Systems with an Extensible Fuzzing Framework](./Fuzz/hydra-tos20.pdf) `TOS20(ACM Transactions on Storage) Paper`



## PortScanner
- [ZMap: Fast Internet-Wide Scanning and its Security Applications](./PortScanner/ZMap%20-%20Fast%20Internet-Wide%20Scanning%20and%20its%20Security%20Applications.pdf)
